Add support for OAuth tokens (#6616)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/01_getting-started/03_sharing-your-app.md

### OAuth (Login via Hugging Face)

Gradio supports OAuth login via Hugging Face. This feature is currently **experimental** and only available on Spaces.

> If allows to add a _"Sign in with Hugging Face"_ button to your demo. Check out [this Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Wauplin/gradio-oauth-demo) for a live demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows you to add a _"Sign in with Hugging Face"_ button to your demo. Check out [this Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Wauplin/gradio-oauth-demo) for a live demo.
```
